private plan tenantid removed scenario update (#99466)
Azure/azure-content: articles/marketplace/azure-private-plan-troubleshooting.md

- ISV to ensure the SaaS private plan is using the correct tenant ID for the customer - [How to find your Azure Active Directory tenant ID](../active-directory/fundamentals/active-directory-how-to-find-tenant.md). For VMs use the [Azure Subscription ID.](../azure-portal/get-subscription-tenant-id.md)
- ISV to ensure that the Customer is not buying through a CSP. Private Plans are not available on a CSP-managed subscription.

> - ISV to ensure the purchaser tenant Id is always present in the private audience list and is not removed untill the customer saas subscription is unsubscribed as this could have potential consequences of managing or sending meter usage for that customer saas subscription.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ISV to ensure the purchaser tenant ID is always present in the private audience list and isn't removed until the customer SaaS subscription is unsubscribed as this could have potential consequences of managing or sending meter usage for that customer SaaS subscription.
```
